hey I'm Donnell Bell and today we're
taking a first look at the Dell Streak
seven this is a seven inch android
tablet available from t-mobile for $199
with the two-year contract or $450 on a
pay-as-you-go plan
Dells first streak Android tablet which
is still available use the 5-inch screen
and I criticized it for feeling more
like a smartphone than a tablet since
that time they've upgraded to Android
2.2 dramatically changed the UI and fold
it in Adobe Flash support it's a better
device but it's still no match for the
7-inch version now the Android OS and
the interface are essentially the same
as the five but the extra screen size on
the seven puts this neck-and-neck with
something like the Samsung Galaxy Tab
it's still half the size of the iPad but
like we saw on the tab the smaller size
can be a convenience it also works with
t-mobile's 4G network which makes this
the first 4G enabled tablet on the
market taking a look at the tablet
you'll see that the standard Android
navigation buttons have been gathered up
near the corner here putting on the
right under your thumb when you hold
this thing in landscape view you also
get a headphone jack proprietary USB
connector and a volume rocker open up
this flap on the side and you've got
your SIM card slot and a space for a
full sized SD card flip it over and
there's a five megapixel camera for
taking videos or photos plus you get a
flash there's also a camera on the front
that works with video chat which
t-mobile will let you run over their
network the only bad thing I can really
say about the streak 7 is that it's
still an Android 2.2 device at a time
when everyone is looking to Android 3.0
and alternatives like the BlackBerry
PlayBook and HP's webOS tablet Dell did
a lot of work to jazz things up but it's
still essentially a 2011 tablet with a
2010 operating system now the low on
contract price is tempting but with all
the cutting-edge tablets coming out this
year
you'd be smart not to lock yourself down
so that's the Dell Streak 7 a great 7
inch Android tablet with 4G speed but
probably not the most advanced device
we'll see this year
for cnet.com i'm donald bell